(NARRATOR) The white-throated
needle tail, also known as the
"Stormbird".
This large Swift is capable of
reaching speeds of
one-hundred-sixty-eight
killometers per hour.
It is, the warrior of the skies.
[grunt]
[pained breaths]
[smirk]
[satisfied chuckle]
Thanks. You make for a great
distraction.
Yeah, well I wanted to make sure
you got enough action to feed
your ego.
Ha... so thoughtful.
[gasp]
I'm coutning on you down
there...
Keiji.
I see you.
11 BOXER
[heavy breathing]
(NARRATOR) Steadily, he trains.
Day in and day out...
wIthout rest, he pushes.
In the darkness of morning, he
runs.
Alone, he gazes at a single,
stirring island... his reminder.
His motivation is simple...
humble...
unassuming...
I present, the new lightweight
champion!
[cheering]
Sure... you may be the world
champ and all, but you could be
a star.
You just need a little extra
pizzaz.
The fans want action, drama, big
fights with brutal K.O.'s, not
wins based on technicallities.
[sigh] If only you had some sort
of sob story to tell. An ailing
parent or something to cheer
for.
Okay coach, takin' off for the
day.
Alright, good work today!
I've got some ideas to run by ya
kid.
Let me get you some dinner.
Ah, sorry, maybe next time.
I better get goin'.
Huh?
Why's he always take off early
on Friday's?
[chuckle]
Mom, I'm home!
Hey, how ya feelin'?
Oh Keiji...
Hm?
You know, it's not necessary for
you to come home every week.
There's nothing for you here, my
dear.
Nothing but my loving mother.
Now, I brought you some
groceries.
What would you like for dinner?
How 'bout Japanese black beef
tongue with Sicilion sweet
potato pasta paired with the
freshest oysters our fine...
Alright, wise guy.
You find a new recipe for twigs
and bark for us tonight?
[chuckle] Ouch! you'll like it
this time!
Is the last ferry still at 4:30?
Sure is.
Can't they make an exception for
the world champ?
Maybe they just need a little
bit of convincing.
Turn on that beastly charm of
yours!
Wha--? Beatsly?
Uh huh, beastly.
[chuckle]
Ah, just like your father when
he was younger, he was such a
handsome little heart throb.
One bite from him and I turned a
puddy in his...
Please, Mom! My ears!
[chuckle]
Your father really was an amzing
man.
How could he not be?
He gave me you didn't he?
[flattered sigh]
You know, that would make you
amazing too.
Oh come now, no need to tease
your poor old mother Keiji.
I'm gonna have to teach you how
to take a compliment
And I'm going to have to
teach you how to cook!
[chuckle]
come on!
[chuckle] I'll get you some cook
books for your birthday.
[chuckles]
[heavy sigh]
(MOTHER) Keiji!
The bath is drawn. All yours!
Thanks Mo--!
[worried gasps]
Mom.
Hmm?
[worried sigh]
Keiji?
I think...
my retna's detatched.
ONE YEAR LATER
[workers murmering]
Hello, Super express delivery!
Oh, Keiji! Back at work already?
You should really be at home
resting, young man.
Then who would make sure you got
your mail on time?
Thanks for attending the other
day. It meant a lot to me.
Oh you don't have to thank us
Keiji, we wouldn't have missed
it.
You gonna stay in town for a
while?
Sure the folks at the gym would
love to get ya back in the ring.
Nah.
My eyes aren't what they used to
be, it was time to hang up the
gloves.
Why'd you have to bring up
boxing to him you old kook!
What? I thought he'd take it up
again.
With all that's happened, the
boy could use a good
distraction.
Huh?
MR. KEIJI ONIZUKA
Well, I'm home.
(MICHELLE) You can see how
important our mission is...
Keiji Onizuka,
We need your fighting expertise.
[gasp]
Mars huh?
That's a pretty tall order.
I know, and the risks are
high.
But if we succeed think of the
millions of lives we'll have
saved!
[contemplative sigh]
And...
in return for your services, we
will clear your debt.
So then...
you've really done your homework
huh?
Yes.
Then you know that I'm in debt
up to my ears...
for attempting every treatment
and cure.
Or how about that I was
conned...
by some fraudster with a silver
tongue?
Ring a bell?
It does.
[sigh]
I'm sorry, but I can't.
I wouldn't be doing you any
good.
Everything's changed.
I've lost my reason to fight.
You could at least finish your
dessert.
He certainly eats like a boxer.
[heavy breathing]
(MOTHER) I always worried
something like  this would
happen.
Keiji.
Maybe it's time you bow out and
give up the Spartan lifestyle.
Go find yourself a nice wife on
the mainland. Make some
new friends.
(MICHELLE) Keiji Onizuka
We need your fighting expertise.
[heavy breathing]
I have a question... actually
it's more of a favor to ask.
Do I get to choose the base
animal for my operation?
I have soemthing in mind.
(MICHELLE) Compatability is an
issue.
But some are compatable with
multiple organisms.
We may be able to provide you
with a list of matches, then
theoretically, you could choose.
Hmm...
Well, if that's the case...
Then I want something with...
[chuckle] With punching power?
Something with piercing eyes.
(NARRATOR) To once again stand
on that mainland shore and see
what was once so clear. That
fateful island in the distance.
HIs mother's eternal resting
place.
HIs motivation is simple...
humble...
unassuming.
I stand her now ready to fight
you...
for two reasons.
To protect the incredible people
I now call my frineds...
and...
when you're given a gift, you
shouldn't squander it.
Are you ready?
(NARRATOR) While most insects
rely on camoflauge for
protection, one has no need
for it.
Instead, a super hard exo
skeleton protects it from
becoming prey.
This inky spirical creature,
is under 15 millimeters long
and is equpied with what is
regarded as the world's most
resiliant carapace.
It's name, pachyrhynchus
infernalis.
This organism on the other hand,
specializes in preying on
animals with hard shells.
It smashes with verosity.
Despite it's humble size, it
strikes with the stagering
force of a 22 caliber rifle.
Its name, the mantis shrimp.
[gasp]
The mantis shrimp's eyes
perceive much more than humans
or insects can.
In addition to human visable
light, it is said to be able to
visualize ultra violet, infared,
and radio waves.
Its unique visual system is
unparalleled.
Mom, you always worried about my
life as a boxer...
but I promise you, when I get
back to Earth and see your
island glimmering off in the
distance, clear and beautiful...
I'll live the life you always
wanted for me.
I was lost before I came to
Mars...
but they taught me.
They showed me that fighting to
protect someone is an
honerable duty...
a gift to be shared.
So, Mom...
What?!
Wait...
[struggling grunts]
Where you goin'?
I'm not done.
[pained grunts]
[recovering grunts]
Shit.
It damaged my right eye, and I
won't be punching with my left
arm any time soon.
But I think I've done enough.
Let's wrap this up. I wanna go
home and sleep.
No! Come on!
[crowd cheering]
Just a little longer.
Just one more round.
[gasps and grunts]
[pained groans]
Keiji!
[gagging]
I could.. I could always hear
her voice.
Buried by cheers for my
opponent.
I hear that silent voice.
Now, with the odds stacked
against me...
when all is lost, and no one is
left...
[clears throat] and next is
Keiji Onizuka... wait that can't
be right.
I can't believe it!
Um, are you... Keiji Onizuka the
boxing champion?
What?! Keiji Onizuka?
You know him too?!
Mhmm.
(AKARI) You're so awesome!
It's unreal!
I'm so thankful...
they called out my name.
Keiji...
Onizuka.
Keiji!
What?! Onizuka?
Keiji...
Hi Keiji.
Onizuka!
Keiji...
it's up to you.
I won't fail.
[heavy breathing]
[chirping and hissing]
You may not get it...
but you won't be getting back
up.
I see that you've learned that a
brawl is fighting blindly...
and that martial arts is about
striking without getting hit in
return.
But learning to take a punch and
getting back up within 10
seconds... that's boxing.
(NARRATOR) Four rounds, 47
seconds.
Knockout.
You know, winning with a K.O....
it ain't half bad.
to be continued
12 SHOOTING STAR